wats up guys control case here bringing
you a deck profile with Sam Miller's
build of raccoons which got top for an
hour OTS here today at millennium
Rochester New York shadow what was your
record in Swiss and then you obviously
one top eight Los top floor what were
your matchups today if you remember
about
sorry
I played versions round 1 over around
five to water and cigarettes and then
top eight of course hey beat me with my
noble knights all right guys and he's
actually obviously in the finals right
now the guy who beat him but without
further ado here we're going to get into
the deck profile we know that's what
y'all want two guys we can start up on
the monsters that seems pretty standard
yeah which one of those do look better I
like this guy and he's so adorable hey
what else you got play one rank up one
on one to make the turkeys to wind up
kit
this correct really good I did a lot of
this deck on the top of the regional and
Canada I thing but he was only playing
one mana kitten to my depends really
good take a few all done up to council
once the honor sri otter one thunder
king and one guy why the guys you got to
explain that you have playing vertebra
something
and in tribute summoning should be the
guy requires if you will be in school
with something 30 include exceeds
contribute the guys put in some work
today and is that it for the monsters
guys 15 monsters will go to spells next
best guard in the death card in the deck
furniture obese or two scenarios 1330
shirt goblin and three missiles me I
didn't want to play dark hole or I'd
rather just removal faster like I'm
really funny that make sense for traps
nothing in the next search is not a lot
of times right now you ever get a
mistake plus Rio lock I have none it's
pretty fun yeah that two frigates 17
tools guys really good right now of
course plays through not food good
morning in yer I'm gonna put you on the
I'm gonna put you on the spot here all
right try to think back what was your
clutches seven jewels play all day like
what did you stop that is about seven to
play was a trap stone against seconds
broken
um it was pretty nice that's like one of
the thing that samples used for the most
one mine crushed in the main line crush
is really good I try and play in every
duck I played in like this format just
cuz everything searches it's always live
inside no cards in hand which happened
some time but I play one D prison
supposed to be a black one of heaven but
I couldn't find one before this ornament
so i put a deep resonant play tumor
forces there's really good stop side
effects of everyone tries to play around
in one more of enemies when you make
your tokens and I you they come out with
equal attack so get some hard I haven't
used one can pulse One Ring one
bottomless I don't think I rental same
reason I don't go little cards guys in
case your case you're wondering here
warning it's pretty good cat pretty good
guy and then to burst of Earth's which
has been standard in this deck now just
for the people that don't know can you
read the effect for me please trying to
see 2,000 Life Points to target one box
in graveyards couple on target and
pasted on defense position so you can
grab the Taunton and their Envy when
you're turning campus and then you just
like dirt you just not true
in our MPs that was really good yeah
that's a good way neck by 16 crap 9
spell in 1506 I play cyber dragon my
personal favorite side card I bring it
in against things that aren't you
interchange because it's just good to
beat up traps live lineup see I didn't
play I don't bring it in today for like
things that I didn't play one twister or
face up stuff against the decree
sometimes I play one close far suicide
bill spells it makes all the tokens that
come out with my son I you automatically
bigger than what copy one defender
one minecraft true rivalry for evilswarm
distillers times works to coddle mirror
and then three light mare there's a lot
of movies here yeah I can attest to the
rising I didn't draw this again ouch any
mermail oh yeah you do have the
deficient I have but I real i was really
under from our mind like just completed
and i was like asking around can't let
me go to the extra nice one mr. bird
pretty good I've never made it I mean
this extra deck needs killing five cars
and it's all personal preference on a
bullfighter my car's good I want to give
me that beast young
one catastor one startup one camara tech
for my cyber dragons three of the
raccoon guy you need three can make all
30 suns shining else to gosh jeez oh my
gosh josh is heralded your light I mean
one seems legit if you could change
anything about the deck right now what
would you change what I say is I I would
have a more prepared alright guys thanks
for watching once again here we have the
top 40 TS raccoon deck like comment and
subscribe if you guys have any thoughts
on the deck be sure to comment down
below with your thoughts controlled
chaos signing out